Remove the deprecated ButtonGroup children (#1552)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: packages/circuit-ui/components/ButtonGroup/ButtonGroup.docs.mdx

import { Status, Props, Story } from '../../../../.storybook/components';

# ButtonGroup

<Status.Stable />

The ButtonGroup component groups and formats two buttons. It adds spacing between buttons and handles responsiveness.

<Story id="components-button-buttongroup--base" />

<Props />

## Component variations

> By default, buttons passed to the ButtonGroup will be centered. Use the `align` prop to align the buttons to the left or to the right on large screens. This has no effect on small screens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, buttons passed to the ButtonGroup will be centered. Use the `align` prop to align the buttons to the left or to the right on wide viewports. This has no effect on narrow viewports.
```
